# Class Book

## Description
Design a sealed class called `Book` that represents the book as a type of publication according to the following requirements.    
- The `Book` class should have the following private fields:
    -  The field-flag `published` and the field `datePublished`(`System.DateTime`) are publishing-related fields; the field `published` is true when datePublished is assigned a publication date, and false otherwise
    -  The field `totalPages`  that indicates how many pages the book has in total;
- The `Book` class should have two constructors. 
    - The `Book` constructors share three common parameters - `author`, `title` and `publisher`. 
    - The parameters `author`, `title` and `publisher` are stored to public immutable `Author`, `Title` and `Publisher` properties accordingly. 
    - One constructor includes an `isbn` parameter, which is stored in the `ISBN` auto-property. 
    - The first constructor uses `this` keyword to call the other constructor.    
- The `Book` class should have following properties.
    - `Title` is a read-only   property whose value is supplied by calling the `Book` constructor.
    - `Pages` is a read-write   property that indicates how many total pages the book has. The value is stored in a private field named `totalPages`. It must be a positive number .
    - `Publisher` is a read-only  property whose value is supplied by calling the `Book` constructor.
    - `ISBN` is read-only  property, which returns the `Book` object's [International Standard Book Number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Standard_Book_Number), a unique 10- or 13-digit number. The `ISBN` is supplied as an argument to one of the `Book` constructors. The ISBN is stored in a private backing field, which is auto-generated by the compiler.
    - `Author` is read-only  property. The author's name is supplied as an argument to both `Book` constructors and is stored in the property.
    - `Price` and `Currency `are read-only price-related properties. Their values are provided as arguments in a `SetPrice` method call. The `Currency` property is the three-digit ISO currency symbol (for example, USD for the U.S. dollar). The ISO currency symbols can be retrieved from the [ISOCurrencySymbol](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.globalization.regioninfo.isocurrencysymbol?view=netcore-3.1) property. Both of these properties are externally read-only, but both can be set by code in the `Book` class.
- The `Book` class should have following methods:
    - The `Publish` method sets a private published flag to `true` when it is called and assigns the date passed to it as an argument to the private `datePublished` field.
    - The `GetPublicationDate` method returns the string `"NYP"` if the published flag is `false`, and the value of the `datePublished` field if it is `true`.
    - The `SetPrice` method, which sets the values of the `Price` and `Currency` properties. Those values are returned by those same properties.
    - The `ToString` method returns the information about the author and the title of a book. For example, for the object with the values `Title = C# in Depth, Author = Jon Skeet, datePublished = 2019, Publisher = Manning Publications, ISBN: 9781617294532, Pages = 528, Price = $39.99`, method `ToString` should return following string `"C# in Depth by Jon Skeet"`.
    - This task requires you to create Unit tests for your solution. Please read about unit testing techniques before creating unit tests:  

    - [Testing principles](http://web.archive.org/web/20200805142547/https://sttp.site/chapters/getting-started/testing-principles.html)

    - [Boundary testing](http://web.archive.org/web/20200805124147/https://sttp.site/chapters/testing-techniques/boundary-testing.html)

    Code review criteria:
    
| Criteria/Points | Weight | 0 point  | 1 point  | 2 point  | 3 point  | 4 point  |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| The configuration of the VS solution and the class library project  | 0.1  | All the classes added by a student  are placed to the same project where Unit tests are located | The solution is multi-project. Project dependencies are set correctly and the classes and Unit tests are placed in separate projects |  |  |  |  |
| The presence of unit tests | 0.1 | There are no any unit tests | Unit tests are created for all public methods |  |  |  |
| The coverage of corner cases in the unit tests added by a student | 0.4 | No additional unit tests are provided by the student | One   boundary  case is  covered in the unit tests | Two boundary cases are covered in the unit tests | Three boundery cases are covered in the unit tests | All  boundery cases are covered in the unit tests |
| The status of the unit tests | 0.1 | One or more unit tests are RED | All unit tests are GREEN |  |  |  |
| The use of defensive coding | 0.2  | Input parameters are not checked | Input parameters are checked  (NULL, Empty)  | Input parameters are checked for boundary conditions | Exceptions are thrown for wrong parameters |  |
| The implementation of   constructors | 0.1 | No parameterized constructors are created | Parameterized and default constructors are created  |  |  |  |
